This collection showcases some of the projects I have completed during my academic career.

# 3D Object Classification
- Application of deep neural networks for 3D object recognition using the ModelNet and ModelNet-2D datasets.
- Introduction of two DNN architectures, ORION and Extended ORION, which integrate orientation information to improve object classification.
- Comparison with ResNet-34, a widely used model for 2D image classification.
- Experiments highlight the impact of pose prediction (object orientation) on classification accuracy, analyzing trade-offs between model complexity, computational efficiency, and dataset size.
- **TOOLS:** Google Colab and Drive as a cloud development environment and dataset storage, Python as the programming language, NumPy for data manipulation, Torch for building and training neural networks and managing datasets and dataloaders, Torchvision for image manipulation (data augmentation), Weights & Biases (wandb) for monitoring metrics, and CUDA to leverage the GPU during network training.

# Snake Project
- Development of a Reinforcement Learning (Q-Learning) approach to solve the Snake game.
- Design and implementation of an environment to train the agent.
- Creation and training of a Reinforcement Learning agent (represented by a CNN) using Q-Learning.
- Development of a heuristic approach for a "manual" solution to the game.
- Comparison between the Q-Learning approach and the heuristic approach.
- **TOOLS:** Jupyter Notebook as the development environment, Python, TensorFlow and Keras, NumPy.

# AGS for Electric Vehicles: Development and Affective Impact Analysis
- Master's thesis project in collaboration with FIAMM Energy Technology and the CSC of the University of Padua, aimed at developing an application for the real-time generation of artificial sounds for electric vehicles.
- Creation of a Simulink model that uses customizable parameters through a graphical user interface (GUI) and a simulated electric motor to generate sounds through granular synthesis.
- Development of the Automotive Granular Synthesizer (AGS), which allows users to input audio files and adjust parameters to create specific sounds.
- Experimental study on the emotional impact and detectability of the sounds generated by the system, aiming to assess their effectiveness in terms of safety.
- **TOOLS:** MATLAB, Simulink, Audio Toolbox, Control System Toolbox, DSP HDL Toolbox, DSP System Toolbox, Vehicle Network Toolbox, Signal Processing Toolbox.

# Computer Vision Project
- Implementation of an efficient approach to replace corrupted regions of an image through feature extraction and feature matching.
- Each dataset includes the corrupted image, normal patches, and patches that have been subjected to transformations (rotation, scaling, inversion, and noise addition) to increase the complexity of the problem.
- Development and comparison of different approaches for solving the problem (SIFT, ORB, Template Matching).
- **TOOLS:** Microsoft Visual Studio as the development environment, C++ as the programming language, OpenCV libraries.
